Sync issues with news (#339)
fedora-infra/the-new-hotness: docs/dev-guide.rst

=============

To add entries to the release notes, create a file in the ``news`` directory
with the ``source.type`` name format, where ``type`` is one of:

> * ``feature``: for new features

Reviewer: I don't think it's good idea to remove this text. We should still have list of supported labels.

* ``bug``: for bug fixes
* ``api``: for API changes
* ``dev``: for development-related changes
* ``author``: for contributor names
* ``other``: for other changes

> And where the ``source`` part of the filename is:

Reviewer: Same as before, this still needs to be described here.

> with the ``id.type`` name format, where ``type`` is either label of the

Reviewer: It's not clear from this descriptiong what label should be used. I would use something like `type is label of the issue that is named label.type (see supported types above)`. If the issue or PR is missing a label, please ask maintainer to add one.

Author: I thought `label` points to the `type`. Shouldn't be something like `id.label` instead of `label.type`?

Reviewer: I wrote it backwards, it should be the name of the label `type.label`, so it's easy to recognize among other labels.

> And where the ``id`` part of the filename is either id of the issue or the pull

Reviewer: This is described clearly above.

=============

To add entries to the release notes, create a file in the ``news`` directory
with the ``source.type`` name format, where the ``source`` part of the filename is:

* ``42`` when the change is described in issue ``42``
* ``PR42`` when the change has been implemented in pull request ``42``, and
  there is no associated issue
* ``username`` for contributors (``author`` extention). It should be the
  username part of their commit's email address.

And where ``type`` is label of the issue or PR that is named ``type.label``. If the issue or PR is missing a label, please ask maintainer to add one.

News type can be one of the following:

* ``feature``: for new features
* ``bug``: for bug fixes
* ``api``: for API changes
* ``dev``: for development-related changes
* ``author``: for contributor names
* ``other``: for other changes
  
For example:

> If this PR is solving issue #714 with labeled as ``type.bug``, the file inside news should be called 714.bug (PR714.bug if the PR does not related with any issue) and the content of the file would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this PR is solving issue #714 labeled as ``type.bug`` and named "Javascript error on add project page", the file inside news should be called 714.bug (PR714.bug if the PR does not have any linked issue and the PR number is 714) and the content of the file would be:
```
